add documentation around archiving configuration versions (#2157)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/api-docs/configuration-versions.mdx

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

## Attributes

### Configuration Version States

The configuration version state is found in `data.attributes.status`, and you can reference the following list of possible states.

> A configuration version created through the API can only be used in runs if it is in an `uploaded` state. A configuration version created through a linked VCS repository may also be used in runs if it is in an `archived` state.

Reviewer: should this be "through the API or CLI"? Just want to make sure we're covering all workflows!

Author: Yes it should! Thank you 🙌🏻

| State                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `pending`              | The initial status of a configuration version after it has been created. Pending configuration versions cannot be used to create new runs.                                                                                                                               |

> | `fetching`             | For configuration versions created via a commit to a connected VCS repository, this state indicates that Terraform Cloud is in the process of fetching the associated files from VCS.                                                                                    |

Author: TIL that I use the word "via" way too much 😂

| `uploaded`             | The configuration version is fully processed and ready for use in runs.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `archived`             | All immediate runs are complete and the files associated with this configuration version have been discarded. If the configuration version was created via a connected VCS repository, it may be used in new runs, and Terraform Cloud will re-fetch the files from VCS. |

> | `errored`              | Something went wrong when processing this configuration version. Errored configuration versions cannot be used to create new runs.                                                                                                                                       |

Author: Yeah, there will be some suggested steps for remediation within the workspace UI! Basically, that particular configuration version won't be able to be retried once it's errored - that may change in the future, but for now they'll need to create a new config version by pushing a new commit to their VCS repo in order to try again.

> | `errored`              | Something went wrong when processing this configuration version. Errored configuration versions cannot be used to create new runs.                                                                                                                                       |

Author: Added a note about next steps!

  https://archivist.terraform.io/v1/object/4c44d964-eba7-4dd5-ad29-1ece7b99e8da
```

## Archive a Configuration Version

> `POST /configuration-versions/:configuration_version_id/actions/archive`

Reviewer 2: Is this something we want to add a version note on for when this is actually available for enterprise side folks? e.g., like is done [here](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/api-docs/plans#retrieve-the-json-execution-plan) for example

| Parameter                   | Description                                    |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `configuration_version_id`  | The ID of the configuration version to archive. |

This endpoint notifies Terraform Cloud to discard the uploaded `.tar.gz` file associated with this configuration version. This endpoint can only archive configuration versions that were created with the API or CLI, are in an `uploaded` [state](#configuration-version-states), and have no runs in progress. Otherwise, calling this endpoint will result in an error.

Terraform Cloud automatically archives configuration versions created through VCS when associated runs are complete and then re-fetches the files for subsequent runs.

| Status  | Response                  | Reason(s)                                                                                                                                     |
| ------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [202][] | none                      | Successfully initiated the archive process.                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 3: question: does `[202][]` need to link to a specific url?

e.g.

```suggestion
| [202](https://httpstatuses.com/202) | none                      | Successfully initiated the archive process.                                                                                                   |
```

Author: This is actually a [link reference](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/blob/370f7c7e8dfab06bfaaf6f4babef2faed606313d/content/cloud-docs/api-docs/configuration-versions.mdx?plain=1#L5) to the MDN docs that's defined at [the top of this file](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/blob/370f7c7e8dfab06bfaaf6f4babef2faed606313d/content/cloud-docs/api-docs/configuration-versions.mdx?plain=1#L5)!

So once the page is rendered, that url gets populated properly ([link to the Vercel rendered preview for proof](https://terraform-website-l1tobs36m-hashicorp.vercel.app/cloud-docs/api-docs/configuration-versions#archive-a-configuration-version)). It definitely looks weird by itself though.

> | [409][] | [JSON API error object][] | Configuration version was in a non-archivable state, or the configuration version was created with VCS and cannot be archived through the API. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [409][] | [JSON API error object][] | Configuration version was in a non-archivable state or the configuration version was created with VCS and cannot be archived through the API. |
```

  https://archivist.terraform.io/v1/object/4c44d964-eba7-4dd5-ad29-1ece7b99e8da
```

## Archive a Configuration Version

`POST /configuration-versions/:configuration_version_id/actions/archive`

| Parameter                   | Description                                    |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |

> | `configuration_version_id`  | The ID of the configuration version to archive |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `configuration_version_id`  | The ID of the configuration version to archive. |
```

> Notifies Terraform Cloud to discard the uploaded `.tar.gz` file associated with this configuration version.
> 
> Only configuration versions created via the API or CLI, in an `uploaded` state, and with no associated runs in progress can be archived using this endpoint. Otherwise, calling this endpoint will result in an error.
> 
> VCS configuration versions are archived automatically once their runs are complete, then re-fetched for subsequent runs.

Reviewer: Just trying to make it in active voice, which is easier to read :-) 

```suggestion
This endpoint notifies Terraform Cloud to discard the uploaded `.tar.gz` file associated with this configuration version. This endpoint can only archive configuration versions that were created with the API or CLI, are in an `uploaded` [state](#configuration-version-states), and have no runs in progress. Otherwise, calling this endpoint will result in an error. 

Terraform Cloud automatically archives configuration versions created through VCS when associated runs are complete and then re-fetches the files for subsequent runs.
```

| Status  | Response                  | Reason(s)                                                                                                                                     |
| ------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [202][] | none                      | Successfully initiated the archive process.                                                                                                   |

> | [409][] | [JSON API error object][] | Configuration version was in a non-archivable state, or the configuration version was created via VCS and cannot be archived through the API. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [409][] | [JSON API error object][] | Configuration version was in a non-archivable state, or the configuration version was created with VCS and cannot be archived through the API. |
```
